# Scala User Backend Kata

### Overview

This repository contains a Scala 3 project that implements a user backend.. The project is designed to demonstrate the capabilities of Scala 3 and sbt in building and managing Scala applications.

#### Prerequisites

- Install sbt: Follow the instructions on the [official sbt website](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html).
- Install Scala: Scala 3 can be installed from [here](https://scala-lang.org/download/scala3.html).
- Visual Studio Code (optional): For an enhanced coding experience, install VSCode along with the [Metals](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=scalameta.metals) extension.

#### Requirements

For the user backend kata, the following requirements must be met:

- Users must register using an email in the format `user@domain` and a password that meets at least the following criteria:
  - 6 characters
  - One uppercase letter
  - One lowercase letter
  - One number
  - One underscore (`_`)

- User passwords must be encrypted before being stored in the system to ensure the protection of sensitive data.

- Each user must be uniquely identifiable through an ID generated by the system.

- The system must prevent the creation of multiple accounts with the same email. If a user attempts to register with an existing email, an error should be notified, and registration should not be allowed.

- Users must have the ability to change their passwords. However, the new password must not be identical to the previous one.

#### Compilation

To compile the project, use the following sbt command:

```
sbt compile
```

To run the project, use the following sbt command:

```
sbt run
```